---
layout: post
title: "Alright, Here We Are"
date: 2013-10-07 17:15
comments: true
published: false
categories: meta-blogging ruby testing customizing octopress SASS 
---

## *Real First Post!*

Confirmed, the first post went live. [Octopress](http://octopress.org/) up and 
running. I spent some time today messing around in Octopress with the purpose of customizing a few cosmetic things and was generally successful. It helped me 
realize I need to add `SASS` to my list of technologies to study harder.

Now that this blog is ready to go I'm going to start using it! I've got to finish 
the static [About](/about) page as well.

## *Near Future*

Some topics I am interested in and will likely blog about in the future:

- Attempting to better intuit recursion (if it's humanly possible)
- The beauty of data modeling
  - *Related*: data and the relationship between computer data and the *real stuff*
  it represents
- My tendency towards using more methods (and ones with verbose names) rather than
less code/nifty loops to accomplish the same goal
- Meditation on the interaction between the concepts of human-readable code and 
computer-legible code (the two don't necessarily share *any* attributes)
  - (I'm pretty excited about this one. there are a million ways to write code that 
  a computer is ok with, but none of them necessarily make sense to a person and 
  there are a million ways to write instructions for humans that a computer will 
  not understand - but the constraint on both sides is where the real interesting 
  stuff happens.)
- The solubility of programming problems. What I mean is: if you spend enough time, 
follow the stack trace carefully, observe the program flow and diligently replace 
variables, you *will* eventually solve the problem. That's a cool thing. Not all 
endeavors can claim the same.
